---
title: 'She&#8217;s gone'
author: Greg
layout: post
permalink: /2007/06/shes-gone/
comments: True
categories:
  - Travel
  - Work
---
Angie is been let go as of next Wednesday so Anne told me early yesterday :) but because shes working through a temp agency Anne contacted them to terminate her contract and it doesn&#8217;t appear as though she knows yet :s so I&#8217;m worried I&#8217;ll get stabbed on Monday, or maybe she&#8217;s a good employee and will see out the rest of her contract professionally and then stab me, I&#8217;ll just have to wait and see. I&#8217;ve been doing my best to avoid her and not make eye contact.

However this victory of mine feels a little shallow and no longer having an arch enemy has left me feeling a little empty. It&#8217;s like Fidel Castro dying of old age, sure the US has one less enemy but they didn&#8217;t get the pleasure and satisfaction of destroying him themselves. The US lost by default. And I&#8217;ve got this other feeling in my stomach, it&#8217;s like hunger but eating doesn&#8217;t make it go away and every time i think about Angie losing her job because of me, it gets stronger. Maybe drinking will help :)

There was a failed car bomb attempt in London today, the tv is telling me that it was Al Qaeda but the tv also told me there was a 24 hour postal strike today. The tv hasn&#8217;t made the connection between thousands of disgruntled postal workers with free time on their hands and a dud car bomb but I&#8217;m sure it won&#8217;t take them long.