---
title: Week one
author: Greg
layout: post
permalink: /2007/06/week-one/
comments: True
categories:
  - Travel
  - Work
---
I&#8217;ve finished my first week of 9 till 5, monday to friday work. It&#8217;s not that i haven&#8217;t worked 9 till 5, or monday to friday, just never together. I&#8217;ve already got an arch enemy. Her name is Angie and she does the same job as me. She&#8217;s doesn&#8217;t believe in systems and makes me do a lot more work than i need to.

I&#8217;m moving from kath and boyds (my dads aunty and uncle) to kay (my dads cousin) and bobs (kays cousin) on sunday. They have the internet. I really liked staying with kat and boyd but it&#8217;s hard living with older people when your generation why and used to living on the fly. Kath told me off today for coming home too late. I&#8217;ve never made it home from work in time to eat dinner and it&#8217;s usually in the microwave so i figured an extra 30 minutes wouldn&#8217;t matter but it did. I didn&#8217;t know how to react been told off at 24 so i went outside and played with the dog uncomfortably for a while.

I&#8217;m off to the real estate agency&#8217;s tomorrow. They&#8217;re showing me two cheaper places and then on monday i&#8217;m seeing a nice one. The nice one has been in the paper for a while and the agent is very keen to get someone in it, so keen infact that he&#8217;s picking me up to show it to me. I can stay with kay and bob for as long as i like but i want nathalie to move over from greece and it would be nice to have a place of our own.